(Transcribed by TurboScribe.ai. Go Unlimited to remove this message.) The wind of the changing
seasons blows and the brightest sun shines
Lightly passing through the rough times A
finger pointing to the future alone I wanna
time is a paradise So that I can
find all the popular things I'm gonna
take the most honest one Ready, set, go!
Everybody can do!
The dream I started running always doesn't
stop I won't regret tomorrow Everybody can
do!
Even if it's just a little bit,
I don't want to see it I
'm gonna take the most honest one I
'm gonna take the most honest one The
most irresponsible parent and child in Japan It
's cold,
isn't it?
If it's cold like this, I don
't want to go on patrol.
Ryo-chan, why are you saying
that?
What are you talking about?
There's a letter for Ryo-
chan.
It's a mail order, isn't it?
I don't think it's a mail
order.
It's from Ryo-tsu
and Yone-san.
What?
Ryo-san, isn't it Y
one-san and Fukura-san?
I don't know.
Ryo-chan, what are you doing?
It's worse than a mail order.
I'm going on patrol.
Dear Kankichi, My mother is fine.
No matter how much I send a letter,
she doesn't answer.
It's a good news that she doesn
't rely on me, but I'm so
sad that I haven't heard from her
for years.
My father has been sick since last year,
and he has become very weak.
Recently, he has been sleeping all day.
Kankichi, don't be stubborn.
Just show him your face once.
If you do that, I'm sure your
father will be fine.
It's a bad omen, so please
come back.
Mother, please don't catch a cold.
Ryo-chan, wait a minute.
What is it?
Why don't you go home?
Shut up!
I hate to be scolded and lectured.
Bye.
Ryo-chan!
Stop it.
If you talk about your family, you'll
be in a bad mood.
By the way, you've never talked about
your family.
There's something I can't tell you.
Chief!
Ryo!
Chief, what is it that you can't
tell me?
I don't know the details, but when
I was 18 years old, I had a
big fight with my father and ran away
from home.
I haven't been home since then.
So you haven't been home for years?
No.
I used to go home because I was
stubborn.
I thought you went back to Shib
abata, but it was useless.
You said you had a beautiful sister, and
you wanted to get rid of her.
By the way, you said you didn't
like to be scolded and lectured.
Every year, after the end of
the lunar calendar, a lot of scoldings
from my family are sent to the office.
With a letter saying, thank you for taking
care of Kankichi.
Ryo-chan has such a wonderful
family.
By the way, why don't you make
Ryo-chan and your father reconcile?
It's a good idea, isn't it?
If you do that, your mother won't
have to write such a letter.
Stop it.
If you get involved in Ryotsu
's affairs, it won't be good for
you.
Damn it!
Someone's talking behind my back.
What are you doing?
You seem to be in good shape today,
so I thought I'd pay you a
visit.
Wait a minute.
You don't need a horse-r
iding newspaper, do you?
Oh, this is...
You can't just lie down and be
stupid.
It's called head exercise.
See you.
Dad!
Damn it!
I was so happy to get the Man
ba ticket, but I was surprised.
What?
Senpai, please wake up.
There's something I want to show you.
Something you want to show me?
What is it?
It's just a navigation system.
That's not the navigation system of Son
jo-Sokora.
What?
It's a super-navigation
system built by our company.
Traffic information, of course.
Every house and building in Japan, as well
as date spots and food spots, are all
inputted.
You even have such a detailed map?
Then let's set up a destination and
start the navigation system.
Is there anywhere you want to go?
I haven't been to Asakusa
since I came to Tokyo.
Let's go to Asakusa.
Don't go there.
Let's go somewhere else.
Why?
No reason.
Anyway, don't go to Asakusa.
I see.
I feel like Asakusa is a
place I can't get out of.
That's right.
There's no place to play in As
akusa.
It's just old men and old women.
It's lame.
That's right.
There's nothing to see.
Let's go to Roppongi
or Shibuya.
Are you kidding me?
Asakusa is lame?
Stop joking around.
What?
Asakusa has been the center of
culture since the Edo period.
Compared to Asakusa, Roppong
i and Shibuya are nothing.
But Ryo...
Shut up!
There's nothing to see?
That's great.
I'll show you what's great about
Asakusa.
I'll show you.
Good morning.
Let's start the route guide.
Who's that?
It's the popular voice actress, Maya K
atsuragi.
Ryo, go with Maya to Asak
usa.
I will.
I don't want to talk to Nav
i.
I talked to Navi.
If you input her name, she'll guide
you so you can talk to her.
By the way, this is the popular voice
actress version.
There are many other versions.
Don't look at me like that.
You'll surprise me.
What is this software?
It's pretty good.
It's the AV actress version.
Change it to something else!
Oh no!
I was supposed to turn left at the
intersection.
Why did you turn left?
You idiot!
Katsu!
It's Navi!
Ryo, calm down.
What are you going to do if you
get hit by Navi?
I don't think the Yakuza
version suits you.
Ryo, what is this?
Don't you know about thunder?
You look pretty scared.
What is this?
This is thunder.
This is wind.
If you go through this shop, you'll
get to the battlefield.
It's a weekday morning, but it
's pretty busy.
It's a lot less than before.
It's good when it's fresh
ly made.
Ryo!
It's Ryo!
I want to eat this, too.
It's Kan-chan!
How are you?
It's been a while.
Kan-chan is back.
Oh, Kankichi!
It's been a while.
Hey, old man.
You're drinking and making Kami-
san cry, aren't you?
I'm glad you're back.
It's been a while, hasn't it?
I was looking forward to closing the shop
in three days.
What?
It's been a while, hasn't it?
It's been years, but you're still
popular.
This place is like a garden to you,
isn't it?
Do you
want to go to Disneyland in downtown?
Disneyland in downtown?
Yeah!
This roller coaster is full of thrill.
I feel like I'm going to break
into a house.
By the way, Ryo's parents' house
is near here, isn't it?
I want to see it.
I'm not kidding.
We're on a business trip.
We're going back.
I didn't know there was a word
for business trip in Ryo's dictionary.
Shut up!
I haven't been back for years.
I forgot where I was.
Don't worry about that.
I have a navigation system.
What?
I came all the way here.
It's like coming to Asakusa
and not paying a visit during the war.
Is that so?
You guys are stuck.
Hey, let me go!
Oh, that's Ryo's house.
Now that we're here, let's go
inside.
What are you talking about?
We came all the way here, so we
should show our faces.
Look, isn't that Ryo's mother?
Hey, senpai.
You idiot!
Ever since you fought with your father at
the store at the age of 18, I
've decided that I'll never go to
a funeral again.
But your father seems to be sleeping sound
ly.
You should pay a visit to him.
I was so moved that I cut the
kite.
I can't go back now.
I'll walk home.
Ryo!
You came all the way here.
Senpai, do you want to eat something?
I'll treat you.
Oh, really?
If you're going to treat me, that
's a different story.
Oh, it's delicious.
Yeah, it's like chomorog
u.
It's not just delicious.
The price is also very cheap.
That's true.
This taste and volume are more than doubled
in Ginga.
What do you think, Reiko?
Have you seen Asakusa again?
Yes, yes, I saw it.
I see, I see.
Asakusa is the best after all.
Asakusa is the best?
Are you stupid?
I'm sure of it.
If you come to such an ugl
y place, Katsudon Kashi
will be surprised and open a cannon.
This is my favorite place after all, but
if it's Tokyo, it's Ropp
ongi.
It's Roppongi!
Ryo!
Hey, if you listen quietly, you'll be
in a good mood.
Hey, old man.
It's been a long time since you
've been to Asakusa.
Even if Lord Kannon allows it, I
won't allow it!
Who are you to interfere with my plans?
You are...
Ryo, I'm sure that was...
Shh, shut up.
What's wrong?
Does that person look familiar?
Well, I do know him.
That person was also called Ryo.
There are a lot of people like that
around here.
Well, that's fine.
Could it be your father?
No!
Then who is it?
Well, it's...
It's the wife of that person who
gave birth to me 40 years ago.
It's your father, isn't it?
Well, that's what people say.
Kei-chan, you did it!
Now, Ryo-chan, let's say
hello.
Shh, not now.
Later, later.
It's not too late now.
That's right, senpai!
Now, come on.
It's kind of noisy around here.
Senpai, hurry up!
Senpai, you're here!
Hello, nice to meet you.
My name is Keiichi Nakag
awa.
I'm always in your care, senpai.
My name is Reiko Akimoto.
Nice to meet you.
Nice to meet you, too.
Are you okay?
Well, I'm fine.
What are you doing?
You're a parent, aren't you?
At least say hello.
Ryo-chan!
Senpai!
Okay.
H-Hello.
I'm your son, Ryo-ts
u.
Do you remember me?
Oh, it's you.
I thought I saw your face somewhere.
You're talking nonsense.
Are you really a parent?
I'm starting to lose confidence, too.
It's been a while.
Sorry to bother you.
Ryo-tsu, I'm leaving.
Oh, wait!
There's more!
The main race starts with a roll call.
It's perfect!
Okay, take your time.
Thank you very much.
I didn't know Asakusa No.
1 was going to race.
Don't be ridiculous.
Ryo-chan, say something.
It's been a while.
Oh, um...
Is your wife making tsukudani?
Oh, thank you.
You should talk to your father.
He's embarrassed.
Is that so?
Um...
Recently, the police...
The media...
They're all talking about me.
It must be hard for otakus,
too.
No.
They've already given up on you.
It's like you're a matchmaker.
I don't think it's a conversation
between a father and son.
I can't stand this air!
I can't let my dad leave the
store...
and expect a race in a place like
this.
If he's sick, he should just stay
at home.
What did you say?
I can't stand this air!
I can't let my dad leave the
store...
and expect a race in a place like
this.
You're to blame for Asakusa
No.
1.
You said you'd never come to As
akusa again.
You said you wanted to come, so you
came.
I don't know.
I'm sorry to bother you.
Let's go somewhere else.
Excuse me!
Yes!
What a great father and son.
I can't keep up with them.
I can't drink this.
It's got a B-ball.
You can drink Ramune by stopping the
B-ball.
Is that so?
Well, that's how it is.
He's a tough guy, too.
Well, now that I think about it, I
don't think I'm that mature.
It's your dad's fault for making
you eat so much tsukudani.
When you were in elementary school, you had
a nickname called Tsukudani T
aro.
That's why.
It's so that you can get nut
rition and grow up quickly.
You're going to be a nutrition master
every day in Tsukudani, aren
't you?
Anyway, just make a joke of your face.
You've got a face like this.
Have you ever been told about your face?
What did you say?
I don't know anything about this rotten
thing.
How dare you say that to your parents?
I'll do it.
Damn it.
It's a fire!
Come on, come on, come on.
Hey, wait, old man.
They're just like their parents.
Hey, look, look.
Isn't the fire truck coming yet?
It's a big deal.
It looks like the old lady is still
in the room.
Where is she?
She's at the end of the second
floor.
Is it over there?
Mr. Taiki!
Oh!
Kakichi!
I'm going to save that boy's
sister.
You take care of the old lady.
Why am I the old lady?
Wait, old man!
Why am I...
Boy's sister.
Boy's boy.
Old lady, are you okay?
What's wrong?
I sprained my ankle.
Now, sister.
I'm sorry.
I can't stand it.
Let's go, sister.
Dad!
What are you doing?
Hurry up!
I sprained my ankle.
Sister!
Grab my shoulder!
Yes!
Dad!
I'll be right back.
Wait for me!
Yes!
Take care of these
two.
Yes!
Ryo!
Senpai!
What are you doing?
I don't have time to explain!
You're more dangerous than this!
Leave it to us.
Shut up!
Move!
I told you no!
Let me go!
My dad is climbing!
Senpai!
What is Kankichi doing?
Damn it!
I should have asked him for a bucket.
Don't be stupid!
You can't swim in this sea!
Damn it!
Kankichi!
It's hot!
Ryo!
Senpai!
No way!
I'm worried about you!
I'm not going to die!
Reiko, be nice to him.
I'm sorry.
You don't have to apologize.
It's normal for him to act like
this.
I'm not going to listen to you.
What did you say?
Reiko, Kankichi was a girl
until 3rd grade.
That's enough!
Who do you think saved his life?
Who did you say saved his life?
I was able to escape on my own.
Why did you have to do that?
I'm going to kill you!
Senpai!
I have something to tell you.
I have to go back now.
I see.
He left without saying anything.
That's it.
Take care.
Thank you for the meal.
It was a lot of fun.
That's good.
Excuse me.
Kankichi.
Are you going home?
Mom is worried about you.
No, not today.
And the main ship is on duty now.
I'm going back to work now.
See you later, Ryo.
See you.
It seems that Yakko is not as
good as his mother.
He's still a young man.
I'm not going to pity him.
That's not true.
He's a great officer now.
He's still a young man to me.
San-chan, give me another one.
Yes, sir.
That idiot.
He's a fun person.
Yes.
He's just like Ryo.
See you later, San-chan.
Just once a year.
See you later.
He broke the rules.
He broke the traffic rules.
Is this what a police officer should do?
Ryo Kankichi and Hayato
Honda are banned from their homes.
Sir, this is not us.
It's not true.
Next time, I'm not afraid of being
banned.
See you later.
Even if it rains Tomorrow will be sunny
Bye-bye Let's wave our hands
Let's say goodbye Oh yeah Let's
live The way we like There are good
things Outside the door The sun is calling